Format: Online meeting
Meeting Start: 1:30 PM
Meeting End: 1:50 PM

Attendance:
- Eshan
- Logan
- Isaac
- Beab

Topics:

Project:
- From talking with TA docker images plus working should get us to 60%
- We have a skeleton of a frontend but need to work on that
- External api and individual functionality need to be approved by TA -> email them BEFORE STARTING for approval


Work that needs to be done: 
By priority
- frontend
- admin page *simple actions like add/remove user/listing
- external api
- individual features

If you work on something add it as a subissue to the frontend issue in the backlog

Next meeting tomorrow:
- in the evening after 6:30 pm